README.md, before:

# SimpleGPUAlert

## Introduction

The purpose of SimpleGPUAlert is to notification people when there is a Nvidia RTX 3000 series drop using several notification channel such as Telegram or Discord.

## Quick links where the bot is already running
launched the 09/12/2021

- Discord Server : https://discord.gg/P9zFecmYw8
- Telegram channel : https://t.me/SimpleGPUAlert
- Twitter page  : https://twitter.com/SimpleGPUAlert

## Requirements

SimpleGPUAlert need Java 17 or above to run.

If you want to use Discord, Telegram or Twitter to send the notification, you need to provide specific token (more explanation below).

## Installation

### Manual installation

To use SimpleGPUAlert you can download the jar [here]() or compile it your self with this maven commande :
`mvn clean compile assembly:single`

Once it's done open a command prompt and type :
`java -jar SimpleGPUAlert.jar {path to configuration.properties}`

Note : you can also start it like that `java -jar SimpleGPUAlert.jar` but you will need to have your configuration file named 'configuration.properties' in the same folder as the jar file.

### Docker

Work in progress...

## Configuration

You can find an example (with explanation) of a configuration file [here](src/main/resources/configuration.properties)

## Bug

If you find a bug don't hesitate to post an issue, I will try to fix it as soon as possible

## TODO

- Before public repo : docker
- Make INSTAGRAM, FACEBOOK, MESSENGER, WHATSAPP notifications
- Expose API REST with last data

## Donation

If you want you can reward my work with a donation

### [Paypal](https://www.paypal.me/quentinmaisonneuve) 

### Crypto currencies

BTC (BTC) : `3GzriVZ41snAJXK8sVERW4ww7qkgnNUkEo`

ETH (ERC20) : `0x782adfab7f63aebd82721a4be7b8afa6e18ff7b6`

CRO (CRO) : `cro1w2kvwrzp23aq54n3amwav4yy4a9ahq2kz2wtmj` / memo : `2314247699`

ADA (Cardano) : `DdzFFzCqrhsjxpXV7NW71t8p2nB7pwvkSV6uZyk8b4N7oJn5no353iFh4BgKfnXrXyzrtweZcuuae3WX9BCfnDAiCExFoDQa6Xnhot9f`

MATIC (Polygon) : `0x782adfab7f63aebd82721a4be7b8afa6e18ff7b6`

SOL (Solana) : `3Jfn6cW1pt5vj5XFdpE2C9oeyuCt15onPpNH36kYUYmH`

Commit message:

Adding more log info + Adding docker build to readme

README.md, after:

# SimpleGPUAlert

## Introduction

The purpose of SimpleGPUAlert is to notification people when there is a Nvidia RTX 3000 series drop using several notification channel such as Telegram or Discord.

## Quick links where the bot is already running
launched the 09/12/2021

- Discord Server : https://discord.gg/P9zFecmYw8
- Telegram channel : https://t.me/SimpleGPUAlert
- Twitter page  : https://twitter.com/SimpleGPUAlert

## Requirements

SimpleGPUAlert need Java 17 or above to run.

If you want to use Discord, Telegram or Twitter to send the notification, you need to provide specific token (more explanation below).

## Installation

### Manual installation

To use SimpleGPUAlert you can download the jar [here]() or compile it your self with this maven commande :
`mvn clean compile assembly:single`

Once it's done open a command prompt and type :
`java -jar SimpleGPUAlert.jar {path to configuration.properties}`

Note : you can also start it like that `java -jar SimpleGPUAlert.jar` but you will need to have your configuration file named 'configuration.properties' in the same folder as the jar file.

### Docker

Command to use when you are in the target directory :
`docker build -t simplegpualert:0.1 -f ../src/main/resources/Dockerfile .`

## Configuration

You can find an example (with explanation) of a configuration file [here](src/main/resources/configuration.properties)

## Bug

If you find a bug don't hesitate to post an issue, I will try to fix it as soon as possible

## TODO

- Before public repo : docker
- Make INSTAGRAM, FACEBOOK, MESSENGER, WHATSAPP notifications
- Expose API REST with last data

## Donation

If you want you can reward my work with a donation

### [Paypal](https://www.paypal.me/quentinmaisonneuve) 

### Crypto currencies

BTC (BTC) : `3GzriVZ41snAJXK8sVERW4ww7qkgnNUkEo`

ETH (ERC20) : `0x782adfab7f63aebd82721a4be7b8afa6e18ff7b6`

CRO (CRO) : `cro1w2kvwrzp23aq54n3amwav4yy4a9ahq2kz2wtmj` / memo : `2314247699`

ADA (Cardano) : `DdzFFzCqrhsjxpXV7NW71t8p2nB7pwvkSV6uZyk8b4N7oJn5no353iFh4BgKfnXrXyzrtweZcuuae3WX9BCfnDAiCExFoDQa6Xnhot9f`

MATIC (Polygon) : `0x782adfab7f63aebd82721a4be7b8afa6e18ff7b6`

SOL (Solana) : `3Jfn6cW1pt5vj5XFdpE2C9oeyuCt15onPpNH36kYUYmH`
